README.md, before:

# Tanzu Governance and Compliance Demo Environment

Provides a lab environment for demonstrating governance and compliance
for a Java application deployed to the VMware Tanzu Platform. The lab
builds upon the great work my colleauges have done on [TKG Lab]
(https://github.com/Tanzu-Solutions-Engineering/tkg-lab) and on creating 
an [end-to-end demonstration of the developer and operator experience]
(https://github.com/doddatpivotal/tkg-lab-e2e-adaptation) showcasing Tanzu.

The Lab uses the [Spring Pet Clinic](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic)
application as the codebase for the demonstration. 

# Standing Up the Lab

Since we build on the work of others, we have to run some steps from 
their repositories before we get started.

0. [Setup the Foundational Lab and Bonus Labs](https://github.com/doddatpivotal/tkg-lab-e2e-adaptation/blob/main/docs/00-tkg-lab-foundation.md), 
   follow the steps as document in [@doddatpivotal's repository](https://github.com/doddatpivotal/tkg-lab-e2e-adaptation) and its
   references to the [original lab](https://github.com/Tanzu-Solutions-Engineering/tkg-lab).
1. [Configure parameters for this lab](docs/01-lab-parameter-setup.md) another step
   where I lean heavily on [@doddatpivotal](https://github.com/doddatpivotal) since 
   my parameter file is adapted from his.
2. [Prepare your Harbor registry](docs/02-prepare-registry.md) with the required 
   Okta users, projects, and replications.
2. [Install TBS and it's dependencies](docs/03-install-tbs.md) onto the shared 
   services cluster. This step also creates a stack and builder using older 
   dependencies so we can demonstrate how new TBS dependencies can resolve CVEs without 
   developers rebuilding.
3. [Setup the environment for the Petclinic development team](docs/04-setup-team.md). 
   Creates dependencies for the development team in Okta, Concourse, TMC, and both 
   the workload and shared services clusters.
4. [Deploy Sonarqube](docs/05-deploy-sonarqube.md) to the shared service cluster. 
   Sonarqube is used in the pipeline to run as static code scan before building an 
   image from the application.
5. [Push the policy bundle](docs/06-push-policy-bundle.md) to to registry. The bundle
   contains a set of simple resiliency policies that the pipeline will use to
   validate Kubernetes artifacts.
6. [Setup Concourse secrets and pipeline](docs/07-set-pipeline.md). The script 
   both sets the secrets in Kubernetes and set the pipeline in Concourse so they'll
   each be up-to-date and in sync.

Commit message:

Automates TMC policy configuration (#5)
TL;DR
-----

Adds a script to setup TMC policies for the lab

Details
-------

Introduces a script `prepare-tmc-policy.sh` that sets up as much
of the TMC policy environment for the lab as possible. It doesn't
do all of the setup since it's not apparent how to assign a 
custom policy from the CLI. If its possible, it's not readily
discoverable. It may also not yet be implemented as the CLI has
been known to lag the GUI.

Also updates the documentation to explain how to set up TMC policy 
both with the script and the manual steps that are currently
required.

README.md, after:

# Tanzu Governance and Compliance Demo Environment

Provides a lab environment for demonstrating governance and compliance
for a Java application deployed to the VMware Tanzu Platform. The lab
builds upon the great work my colleauges have done on [TKG Lab]
(https://github.com/Tanzu-Solutions-Engineering/tkg-lab) and on creating 
an [end-to-end demonstration of the developer and operator experience]
(https://github.com/doddatpivotal/tkg-lab-e2e-adaptation) showcasing Tanzu.

The Lab uses the [Spring Pet Clinic](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic)
application as the codebase for the demonstration. 

# Standing Up the Lab

Since we build on the work of others, we have to run some steps from 
their repositories before we get started.

0. [Setup the Foundational Lab and Bonus Labs](https://github.com/doddatpivotal/tkg-lab-e2e-adaptation/blob/main/docs/00-tkg-lab-foundation.md), 
   follow the steps as document in [@doddatpivotal's repository](https://github.com/doddatpivotal/tkg-lab-e2e-adaptation) and its
   references to the [original lab](https://github.com/Tanzu-Solutions-Engineering/tkg-lab).
1. [Configure parameters for this lab](docs/01-lab-parameter-setup.md) another step
   where I lean heavily on [@doddatpivotal](https://github.com/doddatpivotal) since 
   my parameter file is adapted from his.
2. [Prepare your Harbor registry](docs/02-prepare-registry.md) with the required 
   Okta users, projects, and replications.
3. [Install TBS and it's dependencies](docs/03-install-tbs.md) onto the shared 
   services cluster. This step also creates a stack and builder using older 
   dependencies so we can demonstrate how new TBS dependencies can resolve CVEs without 
   developers rebuilding.
4. [Setup the environment for the Petclinic development team](docs/04-setup-team.md). 
   Creates dependencies for the development team in Okta, Concourse, TMC, and both 
   the workload and shared services clusters.
5. [Prepare TMC policy](docs/05-prepare-tmc-policy.md) to allow access to the cluster, 
   enforce deployment minimums, and one allow workloads from the private registry.
6. [Deploy Sonarqube](docs/06-deploy-sonarqube.md) to the shared service cluster. 
   Sonarqube is used in the pipeline to run as static code scan before building an 
   image from the application.
7. [Push the policy bundle](docs/07-push-policy-bundle.md) to to registry. The bundle
   contains a set of simple resiliency policies that the pipeline will use to
   validate Kubernetes artifacts.
8. [Setup Concourse secrets and pipeline](docs/08-set-pipeline.md). The script 
   both sets the secrets in Kubernetes and set the pipeline in Concourse so they'll
   each be up-to-date and in sync.
